AAP-20006 Diagram and table update (#1241)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/assemblies/platform/assembly-network-ports-protocols.adoc

|`ansible_port`
|Installation

|80/443
|TCP
|SSH
|Inbound and Outbound

> |Fixed value (maps to Table 5.7 Hub's "User interface" port)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Fixed value (maps to Table 5.7 {HubNameStart}'s "User interface" port)
```

> |Allows execution nodes to pull the execution environment image from Hub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Allows execution nodes to pull the {ExecEnvShort} image from {HubName}
```

Reviewer: Use attributes?
